car crash kills 3.
3 killed in car crash.
Three men were killed in a horrific car crash early saturday morning.
Three army soldiers have been killed in a highway accident early saturday morning on highway 24 in San Francisco when their red 2009 Nissan Versa slammed into a tree, according to the California Highway Patrol.
Car crash does not kill three.

Three men were killed in a single-car crash early Saturday morning on Highway 24 in Orinda when their red 2009 Nissan Versa slammed into a tree, according to the California Highway Patrol.
Officers arrived to the scene at about 3:07 a.m. and pronounced the three men dead, the agency said on Facebook. The passengers were a 31-year-old from Oakland and a 22-year-old from Hayward. The driver has not yet been identified.
The Nissan Versa was heading west on Highway 24 when it veered off into a tree-covered hillside north of the highway, according to the agency. The car then crashed into a tree, killing the three men inside.
It is not known if drugs or alcohol were involved in the crash, which is under investigation. Anyone with information is asked to call the CHP in Martinez at 925-646-4980.

Two men were killed and three people seriously injured when two cars crashed in the West Midlands.
Police have launched an investigation into the collision, which took place on the A41 Black Country New Road in Wednesbury at about 10.30pm on Friday. The crash, which involved a black Jeep Cherokee and a black VW Golf, happened near the Patent Shaft roundabout.
Despite efforts by the emergency services, two men, aged 21 and 37, were pronounced dead at the scene, while three people sustained serious injuries and remain in hospital.
The victims’ families have been informed and are being supported by officers, West Midlands police said.
The road was closed in both directions between the Patent Shaft roundabout and Moxley Junction for several hours to allow police to examine the scene.
Sgt Alan Hands from the serious collision investigation unit said: “We’re currently working to establish the circumstances surrounding the collision and whether any other vehicles were involved.
“I’d ask that anyone who has information or witnessed what happened, in particular any motorists who were in the area and have dashcam footage to come forward and contact the investigation team.”



15 die as plane crashes in Kazakhstan
A passenger plane has crashed in Kazakhstan, killing at least 15 people.
The aircraft from Bek Air - a Kazakh airline - went down and crashed into a building shortly after take-off from Almaty airport early on Friday morning.
Survivors described walking from the wreckage into the dark and snow. At least 60 injured people, including children, were taken to hospitals.
The Fokker 100 aircraft was en route from Almaty, Kazakhstan's largest city, to the capital Nur-Sultan.
The cause of the crash is not known. A Reuters reporter close to the scene said there was heavy fog at the time.

What's known about the crash?
Almaty's airport said Bek Air flight Z92100 was carrying 93 passengers and five crew. A full list of the passengers published by Kazakhstan's interior ministry included five children and three infants.
The airport said the plane lost height at 07:22 local time (01:22 GMT), before striking a concrete barrier and crashing into a two-storey building. There was no fire upon impact.
How cool heads glided Russian jet down to safety
Air disasters timeline
The airport later published the list of 60 survivors who were being treated at hospitals.
Maral Erman, one of the survivors, said the plane was shaking during take-off, Tengri News website reports. She said it first felt as if the plane had landed, but in fact "we hit something".
"There wasn't much chaos on board," she said. "There were no screaming." Ms Erman said the crew opened the exit for passengers to get out of the aircraft.
She added that she later saw the plane had "split in half".

Kazakhstan's interior ministry said six children were among the dead.
The Flightradar24 aviation information website said the flight departed at 01:21 GMT, and "the last signal was received in that same minute".
Footage has emerged of rescuers working at the scene. In it, a woman can be heard calling for an ambulance and the cockpit of the plane is seen wedged into the side of the building.
Bek Air cancelled all its flights soon after the crash.
Almaty's airport said it was operating normally and the flight schedule was unaffected.
Nur-Sultan - a city formerly known as Astana - was renamed after former-President Nursultan Nazarbayev shortly after he stood down in March.
This is not the first serious plane crash in the city. On 29 January 2013, a passenger plane travelling from the northern town of Kokshetau came down near Almaty, killing 20 people.
A month earlier, 27 people died when a military plane carrying senior Kazakh security officials crashed in the south of the country.



Plane crashes after takeoff in Kazakhstan, 12 dead
ALMATY (Reuters) - A passenger plane carrying nearly 100 people crashed near the city of Almaty in Kazakhstan on Friday after take off, slamming into a house in an accident that killed 12 people and injured dozens.
The Fokker 100 aircraft, operated by Bek Air, got into trouble shortly after departing from Almaty, the Central Asian country’s commercial center, on a pre-dawn flight en route to the capital Nur-Sultan.
It lost altitude during takeoff and broke through a concrete fence before hitting the two-storey building, Kazakhstan’s Civil Aviation Committee said. It was not immediately clear what caused the crash.
“Before crashing, the aircraft touched the runway with its tail twice, the gear was retracted,” Deputy Prime Minister Roman Sklyar told reporters.
“A commission... will establish whether this was pilot error or technical issues. The runway was in an idea condition.”
A Reuters reporter saw the battered remains of the front of the plane and other separate parts of the fuselage scattered around the wreckage of what was left of the house.
A survivor told news website Tengrinews she heard a “terrifying sound” before the plane started losing altitude.
“The plane was flying at a tilt. Everything was like in a movie: screaming, shouting, people crying,” she said.
Almaty healthcare authorities initially put the death toll from the crash at 15 or more but later revised the figure down to 12. They said 66 people were taken to hospital, some of them in a serious condition.
The plane had been carrying 93 passengers and five crew, and Kazakhstan’s interior ministry said the captain was among those killed.
The ministry said it was investigating a possible breach of flight operation and safety rules, a standard legal procedure. There was thick fog in the area at the time of the crash.
Kazakhstan’s aviation committee said it was suspending all flights by carrier Bek Air and those of Fokker 100 aircraft pending the results of the investigation.
“FALLING... AT AN ANGLE”

Another survivor, businessman Aslan Nazaraliyev, told the Vremya newspaper that the plane started shaking while gaining altitude about two minutes after takeoff.
“At some point we started falling, not vertically, but at an angle. It seemed like control over the plane had been lost,” he said.
Authorities cordoned off the crash site in the village of Almerek, just beyond the end of the runway.
The airport remained operational with other planes seen taking off after the crash.

In the airport at Nur-Sultan, relatives of the passengers - some of whom were going to reunite with their families for the holidays - were being briefed on their fate and offered flights to Almaty.
“Those responsible will face tough punishment in accordance with the law,” Kazakh President Kassym-Jomart Tokayev tweeted, expressing condolences to the victims and their families.



Russia, China, Iran start joint naval drills in Indian Ocean.
DUBAI/MOSCOW (Reuters) - Iran, China and Russia began joint naval drills on Friday in the Indian Ocean and Gulf of Oman, in what Moscow said was an unprecedented exercise in naval cooperation and training.
Waters around Iran have become a focus for international tensions, with the United States exerting pressure for Iranian crude oil sales and other trade ties to be cut off.
“The message of this exercise is peace, friendship and lasting security through cooperation and unity... and its result will be to show that Iran cannot be isolated,” Iranian flotilla admiral Gholamreza Tahani said on state television.
The broadcaster said the drills included rescuing ships on fire or vessels under attack by pirates and shooting exercises.

The Gulf of Oman is a particularly sensitive waterway as it connects to the Strait of Hormuz, through which about a fifth of the world’s oil passes and which in turn connects to the Gulf.
Washington proposed a U.S.-led naval mission following several attacks in May and June on international merchant vessels, including Saudi tankers, in Gulf waters which the United States blamed on Iran. It denies the accusations.
President Donald Trump last year pulled the United States out of Iran’s 2015 nuclear deal with six nations and re-imposed sanctions on the country, crippling its economy.
Tension has risen in the region not only over Iran’s disputed nuclear program but also over a September attack on Saudi oil facilities blamed on Iran by the United States and Saudi Arabia. Iran also denies involvement in that.
China said on Thursday it was sending a guided missile destroyer to the four-day drills, which it called a “normal military exchange” between the three armed forces.
“It is not necessarily connected with the regional situation,” a Chinese defense ministry spokesman said.

China has close diplomatic, trade and energy ties with Iran, which has friendly ties with Russia.
Russia’s Defence Ministry said on Friday it had sent three ships from its Baltic Fleet - a frigate, a tanker and a rescue tug boat - to take part in the drills, Red Star, the official newspaper of Russia’s armed forces, reported.
The ministry was cited as saying that it was the first time that such drills were being held in such a format.
Both Russia and China also have good relations with Iran’s regional rival Saudi Arabia.



SANTIAGO (Reuters) - More than 245 homes have been destroyed and 700 people left destitute after a forest fire tore through a low-income area of the Chilean seaside city of Valparaiso on Christmas Eve.
President Sebastian Pinera said on Thursday during a tour of the affected zone that there was evidence the fire had been started deliberately.
“I deeply regret that what should have been a good night, a night of peace, should have been so profoundly altered by this tragedy,” he said.
Valparaiso, known for its colorful wood-frame houses, is popular among tourists in the South American country.

The fire broke out in a forested area on the outskirts of the city and spread toward the coast, hitting the Rocuant and San Roque hills, a jumble of settlements that overlook the city.
Inhabitants fled their homes just moments before sitting down to their Christmas Eve dinner, some losing all their belongings and even pets.
Marta Pinto, 78, said her granddaughter spotted the fire coming down the hill and raised the alarm.
“They took me to the house of a niece because I suffer from lung disease,” she told Reuters. “My husband arrived and said: ‘Love, we have lost everything.’ I´ve cried all my tears already. My heart is so sore for everything that has happened to us, to our neighbors, in this tremendous tragedy.”
Juan Silva Suazo, 68, said he had lost his home and all of the possessions he spent 45 years accumulating.

“So many years of sacrifice, it has cost me so much to make my house and now that I´m retired, I have no way of making it back,” he said. “I have polio, I cannot stand for a long time, or sit for a long time either as I have osteoporosis in my hips, knees and feet. We are sleeping in a bathroom right now, it´s terrible.”
Chile´s forestry commission said the fire was only fully brought under control at midday on Thursday with the help of nine firefighting teams, five helicopters and two water trucks. A total of 132 hectares of vegetation were destroyed, it added.
Agriculture Minister Antonio Walker said the high temperatures at the height of the Southern Hemisphere summer, which runs from December to March, and dry conditions caused by a historic drought currently blighting Chile had provided fertile ground for the fire.

Valparaiso’s mayor Jorge Sharp, said on Wednesday he had filed a criminal complaint with the courts against those who started the fire, once they are identified.
“That this fire was intentionally started is, from various indications, clear and we want to know who is responsible and why they would want to cause so much damage to Valparaiso,” he said.